Hello, I'm from Ukraine, the city of
Khmelnitsky, where are you from?
Syktyvkar, Russia, Syktyvkar, this is Mari El
Syktyvkar, this is Mari El,
look.
of the end, everything
you said, look. And how then
today the armed forces of Ukraine
liberated
from you it is called the red Liman, we have the
city of Liman, so that is, it turns out that the
armed forces of Ukraine today recaptured
the territory of the
Russian Federation from the Russian Federation and the Russian
Federation is silent What can you say  on
this occasion,
there is such a
tactic and a strategy
there is a tactic and a strategy You know, it
seems to me that this is not the first time when you
recapture some territories and then
recapture them from you, for example, and not the last
time,
that is, you understand Well, how For example,
if you didn’t retreat, you wouldn’t  would have given away the
territory, that is, they wouldn’t have gone in, but there,
not in Mariupol, not in  Donetsk Luhansk
in general principle, that is, you understand
these swings, they will exhaust you And where can
you give an example when Ukraine recaptured
territories and gave back during the
offensive, lose people during the retreat, you
lose people, it will absolutely
last In my opinion
, until you get tired of storing
you’ll get tired of burying And then you will start to
think
Which city Ukraine recaptured and then
Russia recaptured back I tell you again I
’m just not a military man I’m a builder I
’ll tell you from this purely what I
understand but the news I watched What
city for example I like your Positive
the energy is so positive and inspired
Well, unfortunately, I think the victory will not be
on your
side
.  Timurids and Khans and all of them all
contributed something to history and this one is
yours in  belt Positive in fact, the
battle played out is not a won war,
but I just play computer and
chat capital that Play with a goal I don’t know if
it was a toy or what yes shooters
there are also tactics there is a strategy Yes Well,
here we just run and shoot there too
You can, for example
let's say raisins so then it was
glue then
there is the real world reality this is
when you and I are talking we are
talking and in the real world people are being killed
life fates of the city houses are
being built some kind of framework then they
are being destroyed anew are being built but everything that
concerns the computer is well  it's like
from the realm of fantasy it can be
forced and then played again yes
it has nothing to do in life
well then you say that we are
advancing advancing and losing people but I
see that the
swing I see that as a result of this
swing in Russia they announced mobilization like this
because the contractors have gone somewhere and
where
they stayed the
front has lengthened the front has lengthened look
Do you remember
That is, in February, the front was the Kyiv region Sumy Chernihiv Kharkov region now there are fewer regions left French you know at the beginning That's how I heard how I heard I'll just tell you how I hear at the beginning it seems like they were talking about some kind of agreement and deceit on the part of Ukraine who said Well I so heard And where did you hear the builder Where did you hear the settings at home or where? Well, our guys just said Guys who are the builders Who are they who came from a business trip and they Say Who agreed that they decided to do without touching the city with little blood, this is what I heard and the Ukrainians Well, they used some kind of bayraktars there, something like that and burned the columns And after that they started to act a little differently, they began to act differently, that is, they broke all the agreements that were between us, we can go through to find out that they killed our military like as agreed to get by and that's it Well, they decided differently, but differently and differently, now they have outplayed now already  they started demolishing houses in a different way. I
correctly understood that at first it was an
agreement between the Ukrainians and the Ukrainian military that we don’t kill each other, we
just try to
terrify, as they told me that it was an agreement that it was
n’t a deception from
Ukraine, that is, we won’t burn
your columns or the
Ukrainians deceived  Russians and burned the
column said that
They deceived the Russians and burned the clones and the
agreement
I don’t know there The end result and the
if you have some level of
thinking above build the house also think
so that’s where these columns went You know I
’ll tell you so I  I understand what you are
talking about, but if Russia initially
wanted to act as, let's say,
take it there Here are beaver business trips Yes,
well, something from this, then in principle, I
As far as I remember, there
were 114000 valepo there in five weeks, they didn’t count,
but here in six months  there may be 70 thousand
Ukrainians there, maybe due to the fact that there
were simply rebels with machine guns to the left. And here there is a
professional army. Yes, hardly  and there the
Americans, too, were normal there
too.
Well, aviation, I don’t know, but it’s also not bad there,
but the fact is that you see here from all the seas
, but I don’t remember how they
tell you the rocket is flying, I just didn’t
understand Where did these columns go if
they were surprised Why the Ukrainians burn them,
I tell you again
, firstly, as I heard there was an agreement, they were
deceived, they burned,
so I realized that they were deceived, they burned And the
agreement about what was that you heard to
do with little blood Well, what does it mean to
be yet they will not burn the columns Ours or
what
the accession of the republics, yesterday's
events, they were known
long before that, just like Zelensky,
let's say you hid from you what would be a
war, but he didn't tell you so that, well,
there
's something to save a good minus so that the
immigration agreement can't understand that
we violated the agreement and  burned the columns
So we will not burn the columns Yes,
understand the rule in any game, they are always
described even if it is military operations
What rules were which in this agreement
here  these guys are yours from a business trip, what
they told me is very interesting Well, as
I understand it, Well, the last ones I
saw is where you came Here you are where the
last time you came a week ago
there something you liberated Kharkiv Kherson
I just don’t understand them very well
from there Let's go home, that is, they
came home for 2 weeks to rest, and
yours went there and showed that, well, they were
grimacing that they released something
there that the guys were, they arrived, it
turns out it's just not ours that liberated the
city. It's yours that went on vacation if
I was empty back  I’m not saying this 100% I
directly communicated with the guys
who were exactly there and who
were told exactly what
number so that the [ __ ] you weren’t here. So I
’m telling you just how it turns
out Vasya just went on vacation.
empty,
it went right away, this, they gave you
these Azov people or something Yes, the leaders of
some something gave the territory while
the elections passed that  t attributed here
they have these conversations among
themselves they will agree there as they need,
I can still understand
what the contract
with flowers was,
I tell you again I definitely do
n’t know everything thoroughly, but what you
know I don’t know at all  I know with us, look at
us, our television is deceiving us
, and the only thing I can do in
roulette is find out the truth from Russians.
Russian channels do
n’t show Ukrainian in our country That is, in
principle, that is, it’s normal for the
state, ours support our
power, your
journalists support your power, that
is, in fact, what they were going for
happened, but the death rate that you
announced about How many Russians
were killed is much lower how
real
below means you know how much
but for real That's how much I asked,
they told me that, well, as if the Ukrainian
military, they are just Dreamers about  very many,
but yours are not Fantasists What number of
dead Russian invaders then
died a little more than stated, but not
much Well, not at times
I don’t know
there are some who kissed the flag
swore an oath to the
country and the Motherland there are PMCs of
private military companies there are Donetsk
Lugansk Well, since yesterday
yesterday they became Russian
soldiers for them, they will
ask you again, I tell you again When you killed the
citizens of Ukraine, in principle,
no one could ask you anything now it turns out
we are not citizens of the DPR who killed the military And
now it turns out Well, look at the
attention So Liman was captured by Ukrainian
the Nazis today it turns out that the
Russian Federation their city, which
yesterday announced that it is part of
Russia, today they gave it to the Ukrainian
Nazis, when how did you let it happen, you
understand we also have not fools sitting at the headquarters, they
can read, they can write, they
can also invent, and If you think
that everything is so  running You can be wrong
Well, how is it well Those videos that I saw
which  they showed me there from the phone
, they also filmed it, in general, it’s very sad for
Ukrainians
not attention
in other places, but it’s terribly
very important And now it’s important This is very important,
I want to figure out where they hide us in
what places For us, this sadly
hides a lot from us, but we won’t
don’t let’s talk about it
That we saw a video from places where reality comes from
Let’s talk about the reality of what
place people die every day
When it ends it’s unknown we
annexed the region yesterday,
it means
we have added 7 million inhabitants
there Yes
your military is there I think it’s
temporary How much  time is needed
according to your estimates as a builder
[music]
I think but those guys who
are preparing now they are I can only say that
they are more interesting than the guys
were already there Well just look you tell me the time
so
I know when to laugh at you for example at the
moment what  there were
guys fighting against you It was one
type of people and now it will be And now they
sent another type of people
do you understand And now the time is like this now a
person smokes and drinks, but you had it The
personnel army was garbage and now they have
recruited drunks This is a different type of people,
therefore it was in
Russia  near Kharkov and the troikas were removed, yes,
I don’t know. Well, now the criminal orders
are,
well, they are criminal for us, even
if they believed the Ukrainians.
Our guys were killed there.
you have information
you say that our type of headquarters overestimates
But where does your information underestimate you more
?
Ukrainians are killed more
I know
[music]
they don’t say so So it’s like that by
nationality who
I am nationality Russian
We have 22 Republics
178 nationalities
and  we all reckon you reckon with the
Russians They are Russians in Russia They are
Russians
I'm
Greek don't be shy yet you're
nationality Why no
yes Russian I'm telling you Where your ancestors come from
Syktyvkar is it true that your
grandmother is a great-grandmother where your
paternal grandmother was a Tatar On your maternal
Volga region
you are a Tatar so  here you can see that you are not
Russian
voiced very interestingly the Tatars were
conquered by the Russians
then it was conquered directly conquered Well
, the referendum was also won by you to
us who we don’t believe it no one
conquered us again Kazan no one for how
Kazan joined Moscow Kazan was
so simple that  something in history But you all
got
drunk as a person, so you don’t even remember the
history of your people you will erase it from
memory
I know everything was good in the Tatar
state Of course everyone
Calm down
where the state of
your people disappeared Come on, I gave you the
kingdom
then there was no kingdom
seized
Yes on  the river is drunk
conquered people Yes conquered people
In what year did Prince Pskov Prince  ide
Novgorodsky liberated Kievgrad from the
Khazars I have no idea
when this dude will
make a negative offensive further
do not disgrace the prince of Pskov prince
Novgorod
I think the
man and us
Builder in short, not everything I'm just a
construction worker, I know there
agreements
so they all just a shalan
psychologically
honestly
showed you
adjustable  Come on, in Russian, now a Tatar is sitting, a
representative of the people whom he
enslaved, that’s what it was then, the
Moscow principality or the kingdom
slaughtered his fellow tribesmen
and now he is sitting instead of
supporting those Tatars who are for
independence, he is sitting here we are, damn
Russia, my Russian, we are all Russians
Russia does  of all the peoples
of some abstract Russians,
such a Tatar who was called a Russian
Mordvin who was called Russian and everyone
writes everything down in Russian he sits
beats his chest understands
him Russia is already a kapets of the state 404 it is
already disintegrating so decentralization processes have already begun in Russia
such as  who
will tear apart Dagestan Chechnya
Tatarstan Bashkortostan Yakutia and you
will all be free
all nations will gain their independence so
further they will join as independent
states.
and Kharkiv and
Kherson regions And then on the same day,
not on the next
city, Liman, and then continues to squeeze out
territories
Well, everything
can officially beat Russia now
earlier it is considered Russia is fighting here in
Ukraine
forces of the Russian Federation from the
territory of the Russian Federation it turns out yes you can now
there are no borders at all
direct words to Ukraine subscribe
to the
Youtube channel sells the
channel with a like and a
press comment saw you
read a
subscriber to a kilogram in the office under the
video